# Ivan Drucker's A2SERVER/A2CLOUD websites

A2SERVER and A2CLOUD were not so much planned as evolved.  They began as a
project to boot an Apple //e card in a Macintosh over AppleTalk using a small
embedded Linux-based computer and evolved over time into what they are today.

So too has their documentation.  As of October 2015, the documentation
consists of the A2SERVER and A2CLOUD websites, along with some of the
supporting stuff you can find over at Ivan's website.  All of the essential
documentation is there, along with the source code for the then-current
versions of both A2SERVER (1.2.4) and A2CLOUD (1.8.1).

But more than that, these pages serve as a piece of Apple // history, if a
recent piece.  They shouldn't be lost to time.  Here, the pages have been
converted to Markdown format and a simple scaffold built using Kramdown, a
ruby-based Markdown processor, to regenerate HTML that follows the visual
presentation style of the original.

The A2SERVER pages are still pretty ugly, but the code is now reasonably
clean.  There's a couple of brute-force style hacks to fit with the use of
Markdown and some raw HTML in a few spots for things Markdown just couldn't
do without some kind of preprocessor.  Good enough for the purpose.

The A2CLOUD page, basically a long dump of a single category of a WordPress
blog, has been dumped out as well.  The code is consistent, but no longer
nearly so clean and elegant as the structured HTML5 of a modern WordPress
theme.  Nonetheless, for a static site with no javascript, it looks an awful
lot like the original, but with some slightly larger fonts because sub-16px
base fonts are a sin that should get web theme creators forty lashes.  ;)

Where the project goes from here, we remember where we came from in late 2015
when it was the work of just one guy trying to build a low-cost server,
collecting the best stuff he could find and gluing it together into a cohesive
whole.  Thanks Ivan, for all of your hard work over the years!
